# Video_Games_Sales
Video Games Sales Analysis And Visualization
## Description 

 > . This dataset contains a list of video games with sales greater than 100,000 copies. It was generated by a scrape of [vgchartz.com](https://www.vgchartz.com/)
## Objective
> Once of the important parts of the **data analysis** process is the **Visualizations** whether were exploratory or explanatory , So in this project i will use the 2 kinds for analysis this data to understand how the data is distributed and generate insight for future decision-making
>  The data used in this project contains information only from 1980 to 2016. Below is a sketch of all the stages made in these notebooks, following a logical and intuitive sequence to facilitate the understanding of the data.
## Fileds include 
> .Name - The games name

> . Platform - Platform of the games release (i.e. PC,PS4, etc.)

> . Year - Year of the game's release

> . Genre - Genre of the game

> . Publisher - Publisher of the game

> . NA_Sales - Sales in North America (in millions)

> . EU_Sales - Sales in Europe (in millions)

> . JP_Sales - Sales in Japan (in millions)

> . Other_Sales - Sales in the rest of the world (in millions)

> . Global_Sales - Total worldwide sales.
## Outline
> 1. Libraries & Data loading
> 2. Assessing Data
> 3. Cleaning Data
> 4. Exploratory analysis
> 5. Explanatory analysis
> 6. conclusions
> 7. References
# The most important conclusions
1. the number of games published annually is increasing significantly after the 2000s. This has the top points in the year of 2008 and 2009

2. (Action) is the highest genre frequency like[Grand Theft Auto V ,Planet Monste] after that coming (sports) like[Wii Sports ,FIFA 16]
3. two platform (DS,PS2) have the highest number of games
4. North America makes up for nearly half of the world's video game sales. Nothing suprising here
5. There is a strong direct relationship between sales in [the United States , Europe ] and global sales, and a direct relationship also between Japan, but not as strong as America and Europ
6. Action Sports and Shooter have much sales compare with others. and North America (NA_sales) have heights sales all the time
7. X360, Wii, and PS are market leader. and north america always top.
8. North America is the best seller in most genre of games, after that comes Europe Action shooter and sports are the highest among the genre for most continents
 
